[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Dr. Robert Wood.
He's a retired
aerospace engineer
who has worked on everything
from the Ballistics Missile
Defense to the space station.
But more recently,
Bob is the editor
of a new book on
William Tompkins called
"Selected by
Extraterrestrials, Volume 2--
My Life in the Top
Secret World of UFOs,
Think Tanks, and
Nordic Secretaries."
Bob, welcome to the show.
>>ROBERT WOOD: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Well, many people
remember when they were young,
having an out-of-body
experience,
like when they're lying in
bed or kind of in a dream
state, hypnagogic state, or
floating or flying around,
usually at night.
But it seems like
we're separating
from the physical body.
And I know Bill
Tompkins mentions this.
And what does he mean by that?
>>ROBERT: Well, he reported--
he typed it himself--
that when he was growing up,
was able to do remote viewing.
And in fact, that's what they
would call it when you're
floating around, looking down.
Later on when he became
involved with the Nordics
through the secretaries
and understood
there was a Nordic
race, he claimed
that he was able to
actually go to their planet
and see them remote
viewing and said
that it was a very peaceful,
modern, stable society.
>>EMERY: So he would sit down,
remote view this, possibly
astral project, and bring
back this information
and make decisions on
his life with this?
And he took it very
seriously, it seems.
>>ROBERT: Yeah, that
seems to be the case.
Actually, the content that
we talked about rarely
included his discussions of
personally remote viewing.
But he did talk about the
psychic communication.
That's kind of different
from taking your mind
and going somewhere
as opposed to just
having his Nordic secretaries
give him ideas through two
different functions.
>>EMERY: Oh, I see.
>>ROBERT: And I think the
distinction is important.
>>EMERY: Well, let's look at
this clip from William Tompkins
about astral projection.
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS:
When I was just a boy
and I was seven, eight, nine
years old, I used to fly a lot.
Now, I didn't have an airplane.
I just flew.
We were living in Santa Monica.
We were living in Hollywood.
And I flew a lot,
mostly at night.
But a couple of times
in class, in school,
recess, I'd just go behind the--
I'd go behind the building,
and I took a flight.
And sometimes, I'd put my
arms out, but most of the time
might, I'd just go out.
And so I could fly all over
Hollywood, San Fernando Valley,
go down to the beach in Santa
Monica, fly up to Malibu,
fly all the way
down to San Pedro,
look at the Navy ships and
the dry docks in San Pedro
and fly over LAX and come back.
I had a hard time
flying over LAX.
There was a lot
of stuff going on,
so I kept myself away from the
airports as much as I could.
A few times, I would-- after
I'd had fun just flying around,
looking--
particularly, it was more
fun at night with the lights.
I'd just shoot out,
out into the galaxy.
And I flew way above
186,000 miles a second--
way, way above that.
And it took
everybody a long time
to figure out that even the
Germans could fly faster
than that, and certainly
the extraterrestrials could.
OK?
But what I am saying I
do is I fly out there.
And one time, I flew into--
it was the admiral's command
ship of a reptilian space navy.
I flew right into his office.
I could see, hear,
and smell everything
that they were saying.
To me, it came to me in
English, just like when
I flew one time over Russia.
And Sergey Gorshkov had
been building a whole series
of futuristic ships
that don't even
look like they're
from the planet
because they were
built with stealth.
I flew over the base,
Vladivostok base.
And I actually flew
around the base,
went down, looked into the edges
of the construction facilities,
came back up high, flew in
to Sergey Gorshkov's office.
And I could see, hear, and
smell the coffee in his office.
And his language--
which language--
English.
All of them were
talking English.
OK?
I actually got into a
research group in the Navy
where I was an advisor to
the psychic type of whatever
that I'm doing here.
>>EMERY: Wow.
Fascinating.
I mean, I can definitely
relate to that.
When I was very young,
around 6 to 10 years of age,
I couldn't wait
to meditate or go
to sleep because you go up
and go wherever you want,
see whoever you want.
So what else could
you elaborate on
that that he had
shared with you?
>>ROBERT: Well, I think
this particular video
is particularly important
to me because even though we
had become very familiar,
close to each other,
what he described about his
early years of going away we
never personally talked about.
But where he talked about
the Gorshkov interview,
that is highly relevant
in the second book.
But the thing that's
especially important
is that that particular
specific remote viewing
event was accompanied
with two other people.
There's Bobby Ray Inman, who
was there at the same time
doing the same thing.
And the words that were said
are consistent with what
he said about smelling
the coffee and all that,
and the fact they
were talking English.
These were remarkable
to me because we
had more than one remote
viewer at the same place
at the same time
having the same story.
And not only that,
but the story was
relevant to a military
issue because they
were redesigning their ships.
And we didn't understand why.
And apparently,
this remote viewing
gave them an important hint
to that redesign process.
>>EMERY: No, absolutely.
And we've been trained to meet
in secret places on purpose
to have private
conversations and exchange
information with
other remote viewers
and other people
of high authority
that were able to do this.
A lot of my colleagues are
very well trained in this.
I remember many
times in CSETI, I'd
be meeting with
the board members.
Let's say, hey, we'll meet
at the top the pyramid.
We'll meet at the other
side behind the moon.
We'll meet in the
eye of Jupiter.
And when everyone is
on that same frequency,
that same level, it's
a beautiful thing
because you're
actually communicating.
Even if they don't know the
same language, like he says,
you're still hearing it in a
way that you can understand.
And there's emotion
involved with that.
All your senses
are still active,
and it's recorded somehow.
I love that he talks
about the smell
of the coffee or the incense.
This is real stuff.
Anyone can do this if
they're trained properly.
So it really, for me, is a
very in-depth, serious thing
because we still do it.
And anyone can do it.
>>ROBERT: Well, while I
initially was skeptical
of these concepts, as I've
learned more and more and more,
I'm totally satisfied
that this is just
as real as you describe.
I have never decided to take
the energy on my own time
to attempt to be good at it.
And the one time I was
trying, I was not good.
I went to a spoon bending event
and could not bend the spoon.
My son, on the other hand,
is pretty good at it.
And he seems to be able to
get information that way.
So I'm totally confident
of what you're saying
and what Bill is
saying that this
is a real thing and the report
that he had about viewing
Gorshkov was a very real thing.
And that was done for military
reasons, and it worked.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
There are facilities on the moon
that a lot of the governments
use to have meeting places,
just in a safe remote view
area on the inner
part of the moon.
Now, the moon is something
that various researchers
and scientists have
discussed in terms
of it being natural
versus something
that was created by technology.
Bob, has Bill ever spoke to
you about targeting the moon
as a place for remote viewing?
>>ROBERT: He would tell me about
his experiences of his life.
And once in a while,
remote viewing
would be involved,
as we discussed.
But when he told
me about the moon,
he didn't say he got
it from remote viewing.
He just told me factually--
he said, oh, by the way,
the moon is hollow,
and it's not ours.
And somebody else put it up.
And these things I
had heard before.
>>EMERY: It seems to go back
and forth with the scientists
and researchers saying the
moon is real, the moon is fake.
We have a great video here
with Bill talking about that.
Let's take a look at it.
>>WILLIAM: Well, first of
all, it's not your moon.
And secondly, it's not a moon.
It's a command center
for a region of this part
of the Milky Way galaxy.
OK?
That's what it is.
And it doesn't rotate.
Everybody forgets the
thing doesn't turn.
OK?
So it's not a moon.
It's not your moon.
It's a command center
with probably 25 to 35
different civilizations
in there, all of which
operate out here for this
part of the Milky Way galaxy.
And yes, some of
those people actually
are at war with
each other, but they
have personnel living here.
Their families live here.
Their kids are getting educated.
They get young.
They get older.
They get married and marry.
It's a big-- it's
a big facility.
>>ROBERT: Well, his
conversations about the moon
sort of surprised me.
I had heard rumors that the
moon might have been artificial
in the past, but it wasn't
until he came right out
and said it that I
started to pay attention.
I asked myself the question,
well, how could that be?
And then I thought of the fact--
well, the moon and the Earth
rotate in a common
center of gravity,
so clearly we can figure out
what the density of the moon
is because we know its size.
We know its mass.
And that means you should
be able to show simply,
to anybody who is interested,
that the moon is partly hollow.
And I've never seen any of
the conventional astronomical
organizations actually do
that or make that point, which
is surprising to me.
>>EMERY: That is
very surprising.
Did he ever talk about
the actual beings there,
the different races?
Did he get into a
detail of who they were
and where they came from?
>>ROBERT: No.
Remember, what we have
in the first two books
are from what he typed down.
And he didn't type everything.
But he did make it clear
that the moon was hollow.
And he made the point
that he made in the video
that it's unlikely
that it is exactly
the right position in exactly
the right rotation rate for it
to be where it is
so that we can't
see the backside of the moon.
And that happens to be
at the exact distance
where you get an eclipse.
>>EMERY: Where do you think
Bill got this information from?
Was it the Germans?
Was it from working at TRW?
>>ROBERT: Well, Bill got a lot
of information about the Nazis
from various sources.
I'm not really sure that I
thought about all the sources.
But it was clear to
me that the statements
about the Nazis having
the capability in 1942
to put the first man, a German
Navy commander, on the moon
is very true, very
likely to be true.
I don't recall that
that's in Bill's book.
But because of this question
about the moon being occupied,
it caused me to read some other
literature on the subject.
And I've come to the
personal conclusion
that that's a true report,
that the Germans actually
did have a guy on the moon.
>>EMERY: They were the first
Earthlings to be on the moon?
>>ROBERT: Yeah, right, in '42.
And then, of course,
the corollaries
to that in the context of
the secret space program
is they might well have
been the first people
to go to Mars with a group
that couldn't make it in.
They died.
But that's not anything
that Bill and I ever
talked about in detail.
I'm really not sure I can
answer the question of where
Bill got his information
about the people on the moon.
He alluded to a couple
of dozen or 30 or so
civilizations that were in
harmony with each other.
That's not anything that he
and I personally talked about
that I can remember.
>>EMERY: Bill mentioned on the
video that it's not your moon.
He didn't say it's not our moon.
So who is he directing that at?
>>ROBERT: I think that's
a really interesting sort
of question.
That's one I've thought of.
But it's certainly
true that that's
what he said is that
it's not our moon.
>>EMERY: Maybe he's talking
about the human civilization
here on Earth.
>>ROBERT: I think
the fact that there
are civilizations on Earth
was always in his mind,
whereas he did not have a
great focus on civilizations
that were thousands of years old
that may still be living here.
Nevertheless, he accepted that
he wanted to really understand
the relationship to today's
world, the World War II,
and what might be next.
And how could we explore
the nearest stars?
He wanted, really, to
do these explorations.
And then emotionally, he
wanted to stop the slavery.
>>EMERY: Do you know of
anything with the Germans?
Have they been back?
Are they trying to
create anything there?
>>ROBERT: Bill died in 2017.
And we were beginning to
talk about the kind of things
that you and I are
talking about now.
So there's a lot that I
would have learned if he
had been able to live longer.
>>EMERY: Well it's kind
of like-- you know,
he said it's not your moon.
And it's like, where do
we stand in the galaxy?
What is our place in the galaxy?
And we do have a clip on
him talking about that.
Let's take a look at it.
>>WILLIAM: We've now accepted
that we have 200 trillion
galaxies--
not million.
We have 200 trillion
galaxies out there.
I mean, we are so naive
of what's out there.
It's totally unbelievable.
Millions and millions
of planets out there,
very small things and
things that make our star
look like kid stuff.
Our star is just a little
dot over on the side, even
our galaxy.
And while we're
talking about that,
this subject comes
up all the time,
and it's an appropriate
time to say it.
If we can visualize us as
the center of the Milky Way
galaxy--
we're reaching out
like this with our arm.
Everybody in this room and
all the audience that's
going to be watching
this has to realize
this is one of the arms
of the Milky Way galaxy.
You're located at
my first joint.
You're not-- wait a minute.
You're not down
where the action is.
Even in the Milky Way
galaxy, you're not downtown
where all the action is.
You are out here at this
tip, which in time, you're
going to get thrown off
because the galaxy rotates.
The galaxy rotates.
All of them do.
They rotate.
So the tips get thrown off.
Other galaxies come by, and
they pick up that stuff.
So you may be going to the next
galaxy several weeks from now.
OK?
It takes quite a while.
So to realize that
you're not downtown,
you're just one
of the castoffs--
this little solar system
thing that you've got here,
you're out in the boonies.
And it's interesting that we
have to address who we are,
where we are, and what we know
and realize that the universe
is unbelievable.
And so opportunities for young
people in this country and all
over the world to be involved
in this commercially--
come on.
Forget about carrying a big gun.
There's too much of that.
That's not the right step.
You've got to have the largest
enough to be able to stop it.
And this is where the Navy has
been saying this for 240 years.
If you have a large enough
navy, they'll back off.
You don't need to
use a shooting navy.
But if you don't
carry that, people
are going to really
make it hard for you.
And so to me, I think
we're just starting.
We've just got the tip of the
iceberg of where we can go
and what we can do.
And it's unbelievable
opportunities.
>>EMERY: Unprecedented
statement.
What can you tell
us more about that?
>>ROBERT: Well, I'll
give you a little bit
of my reaction to the fact that
he said there were so many more
galaxies, and then he talked
about the details of the Milky
Way and that we were just
one small part of one
arm of the Milky Way.
But then when you
try to relate this
to the number of civilizations
and where they come from,
it gets a little bit bigger.
He talks about
many civilizations.
And actually, Bill kept
talking about the fact
that there were millions of
other galaxies is important.
But I'm not sure
that he is claiming
that the civilizations that
we're encountering all the time
are from this galaxy
or intergalactic.
So that's a mystery in terms
of what he really believed.
He implied that intergalactic
travel is a routine thing.
But if you look at the
specific civilizations that
might have been here, the 160
or so, and ask where they are,
you're talking about maybe
1,000 light years away, which
is trivial compared to the
size of the Milky Way, which
is what--
30,000--
>>EMERY: Very
comprehendible, yeah.
>>ROBERT: Yeah.
>>EMERY: So Bill
mentioned we have
to have this large navy fleet.
It doesn't have to
have weapons on it,
but we do need a big presence.
What does he mean by that?
>>ROBERT: Well, Bill
is 100% a Navy guy.
I mean, he's active
in the Navy League.
And in fact, he used to go
to West, which in San Diego
was an annual event where
the Navy League people all
get together.
But he also was
active when he went
to Oregon, his later
years, in using
the Navy League to train
kids to join the Navy
and understand UFOs.
So basically, he was
setting up a UFO training
group for kids as part of
the Navy League program.
And his vision was a big
navy can be a peaceful navy.
And that's why he was
encouraging these kids
to learn more about UFOs--
because he wanted
the whole thing
to be peaceful and be for
the betterment of society.
>>EMERY: So he was a recruiter.
>>ROBERT: Yeah.
>>EMERY: A peaceful recruiter.
I love it.
Bob, we're talking about
interstellar travel.
We're talking about
just getting into space.
Do you think time travel
is necessary for that?
What did Bill comment on that?
>>ROBERT: Well, Bill and I used
to talk about at the crafts
that we'd believed
that we'd made the,
TR3B, an Air Force
CIA craft, we thought.
And basically, I
concluded in my own mind
that you can't go 10,000 light
years at the speed of light.
>>EMERY: On gas, coal, and oil.
>>ROBERT: And going it
in a couple of weeks.
So clearly, there is some
sort of time involvement.
And I believe that
we have figured out
how that process works.
I think that-- in the
context of the Navy,
I think that the early
recovery of a navy
craft at the Battle of LA
resulted in the Navy guys
giving out a portion
of how it worked.
So they were able to
get this first craft up
in orbit by replacing
a nuclear power
plant with an anti-gravity
power plant in the '80s.
>>EMERY: Do you think we
have operational vehicles now
that are anti-gravity?
Did he ever mention that?
>>ROBERT: Well, the
cigars he and I understood
to be the Navy's craft
for a solar warden that
are anti-gravity.
I never claimed to
be an expert on this
because as far as I
know, nobody claims
to know how time
travel really works
or whether it's really true.
But I'm confident
that there are people
who think they can
do it, and I believe
that the so-called
reference to portals,
where you can pop into a portal
and go to Mars, those things
are real.
And they involve some sort
of time-space interaction
and impact time travel.
I'm guessing that
they're real, that they
will have been used by people
who have the right reason.
And they're under rigorous
control by somebody whose
identity I cannot
state with confidence.
I just don't know.
>>EMERY: What would
be your guess?
>>ROBERT: My guess
is the whole process
for this is so compartmentalized
that it's only one group that
has control of the
portals and another group
that has control
of the spacecraft,
and they don't necessarily
know the details of each other.
>>EMERY: Multiple
corporations, organizations?
>>ROBERT: Yeah.
In terms of actually
implementing it,
yeah, different corporations.
But the other thing
that I learned from Bill
is that most of
the implementation
is probably done in
huge, underground bases,
not on the surface
where anybody can
see all this stuff being made.
>>EMERY: Right.
Anything on the surface
is completely exposed by--
you know-- drones and
satellites and traffic cameras.
>>ROBERT: Right, right.
And so we could have a lot
of evil under the surface,
and we probably do.
I mean, some of these--
well, the reptilians
and the Nazis in Antarctica
are a good example.
They are nearly all
bad, and they've
got some links with our
own corporations which
are supporting things,
mining and slavery.
>>EMERY: And why is
the United Nations--
if you want to join the
United Nations as a country,
you have to sign a
treaty that you are not
allowed to go to Antarctica.
Do you know about that?
>>ROBERT: I didn't know
that specific requirement
these days.
>>EMERY: What did Bill say
about who's actually leading?
I mean, he's part of the Navy.
Who is in control
this space force?
>>ROBERT: Well, he seemed to
make a big point of the fact
that TRW was ultimately
bought about 2000,
I think, by Grumman.
And he certainly alluded to
the Lockheed Martin Skunk Works
as a real thing.
But he never implied that these
corporations were necessarily,
quote, bad versus good,
that they were just
building things under contract,
and the good and bad just kind
of happened.
He, I think, was
confident that the things
that the Navy did and paid
for were all towards the good.
But he was biased
in that regard.
>>EMERY: Of course.
So multiple
corporations possibly
even working together to
fulfill these military contracts
and other organizational
contracts, I assume.
>>ROBERT: Well yeah,
there's togetherness.
In fact, I believe that he
stated that some of the Area 51
activities involved the Russians
and Chinese now, these days.
But there's nothing that is in
the book written down on that.
And there are a
lot of other people
who are discussing those
issues with respect
to how multicultural Area
51 activities really are.
It's clear that Area 51 began
with the Germans helping us.
And we even have the names of
the people who were doing that.
>>EMERY: Right.
Fascinating stuff.
Well, Bob, thanks for
being on the show,
and thanks for sharing
all of these amazing
experiences with
William Tompkins.
>>ROBERT: You asked
really good questions.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]